what is going on guys 84 camel style and
here we are with our first-ever fifa 13
player review and on the show today is
the 67 overall silver strike from the
van key roy capped Darren Mattocks is
ultimate team stats include 92 pay 71
heading and 69 dribbling he has a 4-star
weak foot and three-star skill moves and
you can pick them up on the auction
house for around seven thousand coins so
dear max is just 22 years old six feet
tall weighing in at 165 pounds a
jamaican-born striker right footed and a
high working attack rate his physical
attributes include a whopping ninety
five acceleration 87 agility 94 jumping
and a Maddie sprint speed to mental
attributes include aggression 57 an
attack positioning of 61 and a couple of
skill attributes he has 68 ball control
67 dribbling when a 79 Shaw power he has
zero traits but has one specialist and
that would be the speedster but I will
now show you guys the squad that he is a
part of and hopefully you guys will
enjoy the magic attack
I hope you guys enjoyed the player view
on Darren Mattocks fall that green ow
and smack that like button if you think
that this video deserves a like comment
below with which player I should do my
next player view on and subscribe if you
haven't already my content will not let
you down thanks for watching